LDAP adoption documentation (#980)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_configuring-ldap-with-domain-specific-drivers.adoc

          [identity]
          domain_specific_drivers_enabled = true
      extraMounts:
        - name: v1
          region: r1
          extraVol:
            - propagation:
              - Keystone
              extraVolType: Conf
              volumes:
              - name: keystone-domains
                secret:
                  secretName: keystone-domains
              mounts:
              - name: keystone-domains
                mountPath: "/etc/keystone/domains"
                readOnly: true
----
+
* Replace `<cr_name>` with the name of your `OpenStackControlPlane` CR (for example, `openstack`).
* This patch does the following:
** Sets `spec.keystone.template.customServiceConfig`. Ensure that you do not overwrite any previously defined value.
** Defines `spec.keystone.template.extraMounts` to mount a secret named `keystone-domains` into the {identity_service} pods at `/etc/keystone/domains`. This secret contains your LDAP configuration files.
+
[NOTE]
You might need to wait a few minutes for the changes to propagate and for the {identity_service} pods to be updated.

.Verification

. Verify that users from the LDAP domain are accessible:
+
----

> $ oc exec -t openstackclient -- openstack user list --domain <DOMAIN_NAME>
> ----
> +
> This command should return a list of users from your LDAP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc exec -t openstackclient -- openstack user list --domain <domain_name>
----
+
* Replace `<domain_name>` with your LDAP domain name.
+
This command returns a list of users from your LDAP server.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id='configuring-ldap-with-domain-specific-drivers_{context}']

= Configuring LDAP with domain-specific drivers

If you need to integrate the {identity_service_first_ref} with one or more LDAP servers using domain-specific configurations, you can enable domain-specific drivers and provide the necessary LDAP settings.

> This involves two main steps:
> . Create the Kubernetes secret that holds the domain-specific LDAP configuration files that the {identity_service} uses. Each file within the secret corresponds to an LDAP domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This involves two main steps:

. Create the Kubernetes secret that holds the domain-specific LDAP configuration files that the {identity_service} uses. Each file within the secret corresponds to an LDAP domain.
```

@xek  Sorry, a space is needed to allow this list to render properly.

+
[source,ini]
----
[identity]
driver = ldap
[ldap]
url = ldap://<ldap_server_host>:<ldap_server_port>
user = <bind_dn_user>
password = <bind_dn_password>
suffix = <user_tree_dn>
query_scope = sub
# User configuration
user_tree_dn = <user_tree_dn>
user_objectclass = <user_object_class>
user_id_attribute = <user_id_attribute>
user_name_attribute = <user_name_attribute>
user_mail_attribute = <user_mail_attribute>
user_enabled_attribute = <user_enabled_attribute>
user_enabled_default = true
# Group configuration
group_tree_dn = <group_tree_dn>
group_objectclass = <group_object_class>
group_id_attribute = <group_id_attribute>
group_name_attribute = <group_name_attribute>
group_member_attribute = <group_member_attribute>
group_members_are_ids = true
----
+
* Replace the values, such as `<ldap_server_host>`, `<bind_dn_user>`, `<user_tree_dn>`, and so on, with your LDAP server details.

. Create the secret from this file:
+
----
$ oc create secret generic keystone-domains \

>   -n <namespace> \

Reviewer 2: remove namespace here too

  --from-file=<keystone.DOMAIN_NAME.conf>
----
+
* Replace `<namespace>` with the namespace where your {identity_service} is deployed.
* Replace `<keystone.DOMAIN_NAME.conf>` with the name of your local configuration file. If applicable, include additional configuration files by using the `--from-file` option. After creating the secret, you can remove the local configuration file if it is no longer needed, or store it securely.
+
[IMPORTANT]
The name of the file that you provide to `--from-file`, for example `keystone.DOMAIN_NAME.conf`, is critical. The {identity_service} uses this filename to map incoming authentication requests for a domain to the correct LDAP configuration. Ensure that `DOMAIN_NAME` matches the name of the domain you are configuring in the {identity_service}.

. Patch the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR:
+
----
$ oc patch openstackcontrolplane <cr_name> \

>   -n <namespace> \

Reviewer 2: We stopped adding namespace to oc commands. We ensure that project namespace is set at the beginning of procedure in **Adoption prerequisites**
https://openstack-k8s-operators.github.io/data-plane-adoption/#adoption-prerequisites_planning

  --type=merge \
  -p '
spec:
  keystone:
    template:
      customServiceConfig: |
          [identity]
          domain_specific_drivers_enabled = true
      extraMounts:
        - name: v1
          region: r1
          extraVol:
            - propagation:
              - Keystone
              extraVolType: Conf
              volumes:
              - name: keystone-domains
                secret:
                  secretName: keystone-domains
              mounts:
              - name: keystone-domains
                mountPath: "/etc/keystone/domains"
                readOnly: true
----
+
* Replace `<cr_name>` with the name of your `OpenStackControlPlane` CR (for example, `openstack`) and `<namespace>` with the namespace where it is deployed (for example, `openstack`).
* This patch does the following:
** Sets `spec.keystone.template.customServiceConfig`. Ensure that you do not overwrite any previously defined value.
** Defines `spec.keystone.template.extraMounts` to mount a secret named `keystone-domains` into the {identity_service} pods at `/etc/keystone/domains`. This secret contains your LDAP configuration files.
+
[NOTE]

> You might need to wait a few minutes for the changes to propagate and for the {identity_service} pods to be updated.

Reviewer 2: Do we have some way to verify if LDAP adoption succeeded? I see some tests in https://github.com/openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption/pull/970/files
To me it is worth to add Verification section, same we have for other services adoptions
